PRELIMINARY
1. Sketch app design.
2. Gather assets.
3. Start a webpack project
4. Configure webpack
5. Connect to remote repo.

PART A: LOGIC
1. Create blueprints
    a. A todo item blueprint for each list 
    b. A folder blueprint for folder or project
    c. A folder manager to manage folders
    d. A list blueprint to manage todo items
2. Create local storage methods
    a. Create a save method
    b. Create a retrieve method
3. Create sample data to use, two lists

PART B: CONTENT
1. Create Static content
    a. Create boilerplate.
    b. Create Header section.
    c. Create the Sidear portion.
    d. Create the Main portion
2. Create basic style to get a feel of how 
things are suppose to be. 
    a. Create a general style.
    b. Make it responsive. 
3. Create Hamburger logic
    a. Create Hamburger js manipulation
    b. Style the result.
4. Create Main area regular manipulative methods:
    a. Create a method to remove main content area.
    b. Create a method to re-render main area.
5. Create dom logic - upper sidebar
    a. Create event delegation for the upper sidebar buttons.
    b. Create methods to respond to the event delegations.
    c.Style response dom entity.
6. Create a handler to handle the rest click items [project, add project button, Sort, Group, etc]
    a. Add a btn-click or click-btn class to all the buttons that need it.
    b. Create Handler that would manage the rest click events.
    c. Create Switch statement that would manage the clicks.
7. Manipulate content I
    a. Add Date, with date-fns
    b. Create a Sort method to get Sort icon to work
    c. Create Group method to make group work
    d. Ensure that when Sort drop pops, Group cannot & vice versa
    e. Create search method for the search bar
8. Manipulate content II
    a Create a reusable createTaskTile markup method
    b.Create method to add task via the main area add button
    c. Create getUpcomingTasks method to get tiles of upcoming tasks
    d. Create getCompletedTasks method to get tiles of completed tasks
    e. Create getTodayTasksk method to get tasks that are completed
9. Manipulate content III
    a. Add the content of number of upcoming tasks
    b. Add the content of number of completed tasks
    c. Add the content of number of today tasks
10. Complete Add task, Project
    a. Complete logic and method to add task via the Add Task Sidebar button
    b. Complete logic and method to add task via the main area
    c. Complete logic and method to add project via Sidebar
    d. Complete logic and method to add projects via the main area
11. Complete Update Tasks
    a. Create handler to handle task tile button click
    b. Create markup method update task
    c. Add logic to update task
12. Complete Delete task method

PART C: REFACTOR
